Improve recipe 1.0 (#21)
monsieurbiz/SyliusNoCommercePlugin: recipes/1.0/post-install.txt

>   * Add some annotations to your <info>src/Entity/Channel/Channel.php</info> entity to prevent error during Channel saving:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Add these annotations to your <info>src/Entity/Channel/Channel.php</info> entity to prevent errors during Channel saving:
```

      /**
       * @ORM\Entity
       * @ORM\Table(name="sylius_channel")
    <info>+  * @ORM\AssociationOverrides({
    +  *     @ORM\AssociationOverride(name="baseCurrency",
    +  *         joinColumns=@ORM\JoinColumn(
    +  *             name="base_currency_id", referencedColumnName="id", nullable=true
    +  *         )
    +  *     )
    +  * })</info>
       */
      class Channel extends BaseChannel

  * Use a different trait for your <info>src/Kernel.php</info>:

>     <error>-     use MicroKernelTrait;</error>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <fg=#c0392b>-     use MicroKernelTrait;</>
```

Author: i use `fg=red` because the hex color code is not interpreted.  
PS: I replace other `<info>` by `<fg=green>` for the code diff

    <fg=green>+     use SyliusNoCommerceKernelTrait;</>
    Don't forget the <comment>use MonsieurBiz\SyliusNoCommercePlugin\Kernel\SyliusNoCommerceKernelTrait;</comment> statement or course

  * Create the new migrations, and run them:

>     <comment>./bin/console doctrine:migrations:diff

Author: remove the diff
